# Risk-Map-Labeling
Exercise for Dr. Juola's Graphic class to generate a picture of a Risk game board that displays a country's name when selected by the mouse cursor.

The actual graphical display is coded in C (RiskMapDisplay.c), though it is utilizing a set of data generated by Java code(RiskMap.java).

### Generating the map data
I acquired a plain existing image of the Risk board online, and then edited the colors of each country so that they all had unique RGB values.
All 43 countries are represented by a Pixel object, which contains the RGB value of that country, as well as a unique integer, representing its index in the list of regions, and a String value for its name.

The image of the edited risk map is then scanned in its entirety, pixel-by-pixel.  Each pixel's RGB values are examined to find which region they match, and then output the number representing that region to the map_data file.  After the scanning is done, the map_data file has an integer representing the region of every pixel in the risk map image.

### Displaying the Map and Detecting the Region
Once the map_data is generated, the C code can run, displaying the risk map image as a static background.
When the mouse clicks in a certain area, the integer stored at those coordinates is read from a 2D array representing the pixels on the map.  The x and y coordinates return the integer, which is passed into a switch statement with a command to display as the title of the window the region name associated with that integer.

